non-obese and malnourished children, this is the new reality found by
volunteers of the pastoral care of children throughout the country
four-year-old twenty-nine pounds deserved more than recommended by
medical
hands instead of chubby jars hide an anemia resulting from
rich in carbohydrates and low in vitamins and minerals
even knowing the health problems caused by
obesity now mind you can not deny girl food is not easy
it's not easy because it's a world the sock
in minutes with Egyptian mediation
messi in the hands cynthia reveals how it is going to do
the strategy was used in large field
they manifest peacefully with communism
children's obesity is reaching the historical mark of 15% of
children
the country that until recently had to fight against malnutrition now has to
face a typical problem of rich countries like the United States with dilma
marked by children being overweight
one of those times denied liaison with the girl
the head is in the inter
it is as if there was an exchange of land
in the same process the beans and the return of the race the senator said that no longer
will close the career but miss
The determination is of justice, this is a new challenge for the
pastoral care of the child
the group that previously unveiled strategies to enrich food now
need to convince mothers that too much food that also hurts a
delicate work
Do you work with families who
I do not have brutality you say yes look you have to learn how to do
this with a month how he said
if people are cursed, they stopped talking about many things because
nevertheless the reach of the family that we would like to need
that it intensify during the community visits of the pastoral of the
teaching are islands some cheap recipes pinotti gift
teaches you to make a good bargain with banana peel
for attacker washington
this text then
against the botafogo in the engineer
a female genital organ of the unmarried woman found a prescription
perfect for fighting anemia
but brother was needed at the time
turned one place without the girl who does not like fruits vegetables and veggies
magazines
motion action bodies and sa
this is the name of a show with only dancers that same thing you heard
a dance company by competitors
tomorrow
movements synchronized old dancer conveys feelings
different in each body expression when the father of thomas who is military
discovered that the son wanted to dedicate himself to dance
tried to make him give up was the boy's first prejudice
event
It's very difficult because
iap people come with other eyes really is not a question of the
dossier
I know there are many
it's a matter of feeling
this issue of you owning
if you give yourself body and soul really focused I already thought about giving up
I'm going to bring the old man to class.
but other demands
six years ago
We take dvd with more 19 and dancers the challenges of the profession joão estuda por
rehearses almost four hours a day and works as a bartender on the
week
a hard routine but worth it when they are much bigger is not easy
it's very run
the bay has the faculty during the day goes until three in the afternoon to the field
punish attempt your team at night until 11 10 during the week
as you do not have time to work then next week
worked on two grounds or more
every winter including kaka
not all of them and I could not but it's tiring but we like what
we do with a kina dance and my life is what I love to do then
all houses side
the other says to have passed this is the first male dance company
created in Brazil
that's almost 100 years
and even with the little support the boys who have already been trained
recognition came from the national foundation of the arts and with
developed show bodies action movement mission to debut was the
four months
and now the presentations will happen in note
several cities of the paraná and also in other states the project goes beyond
show in every city
but we're going to do three four workshops
back in that academic sphere that they want to integrate
the cost of these workshops is thus the person buys a real ticket 5
the official press
God is giving workshops so the public is also using
reborn to mystic ectv works 8
I want to put on a show can measure intercalating the works of the
opportunity to see how they work and work with the
fulfillment of forms
according to norms but the young person already has exposure limits as an opportunity
the ANA
the country still determines that you accompany now afternoon newspaper a good
night till tomorrow